DEVDOCS-4695 [new]: Store-level API accounts, add authorized users (#382)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/integrations/apps/guide/types.mdx

Single-click apps can use [App Extensions](/docs/integrations/apps/app-extensions).

## Connector

> Connector apps use manual OAuth token creation instead of the single-click app flow. Store owners and authorized users manually generate [store-level API credentials](/docs/start/authentication/api-accounts#revoking-store-level-api-credentials) and enter them into the app's configuration. While single-click apps are recommended, the following use cases might not be compatible:

Reviewer: removed passive voice
```suggestion
Connector apps use manual OAuth token creation instead of the single-click app flow. Store owners and authorized users manually generate [store-level API credentials](/docs/start/authentication/api-accounts#revoking-store-level-api-credentials) and enter them into the app's configuration. While we recommend single-click apps, the following use cases might not be compatible:
```
